Things to do while solving this problem 

1) Calculate complexities, time (DONE) and computer power needed for my problem 

2) Do performance metrics for all cases and print them in graphics. 

3) Understand where is fit to include missing values. (DONE) (works for random forest doesn't work for kNN.)

4) Setting random state allows for reproducibility of results on which random processes are applied. 
It is a good practise to declare a global variable for random state at the biggining and use it wherever needed. (DONE) 

  

5) I need to set the feature categories as numbers instead of dummies!  --> for random forest only. (DONE) 

6) Measure the time needed to run each algo and print it out for a report. (Partially DONE)  


--> 
6a) Create functions to calculate everything with less typing. (DONE) 

6b) Undestand which value 0 or 1 does my model classify as positive for the model (important for the recall measure) (DONE) --> poisonous is positive (1) 

6c) Do k-folds cross-validation for each model (ALMOST DONE)

6d) do both grid-search CV and bayesian CV for hyperparameter tuning
    ! I see the the best model from RSCD selection process doesn't reach exactly 100% accuracy. I need to see what to do with that.

7) Feature Importance:   (DONE for RF, is not compatible with kNN).  --> export the graphs (PENDING)

7a)Drop features that have insignificant effect. See how much I can push the limit regarding model
simplicity!!
        --> Do this for ranfom forest, for kNN doesn't seem feasible with the same process. (DONE ... works well) 

8) Data presentation: 

    present for sure all models in a ROC plot and see if they pose any differences. (DONE for RF, DONE for knn)

    Plot the train accuracy vs test accuracy for all the model analyzed. this is a measure of overfitting. (DONE for kNN, Done for RF (value only plot not needed))

9) Read model evauation and tuning from geeks for geeks  
    -> accuracy precision recall    (DONE for BOTH) 
    -> ROC and AUC                  (DONE but why it looks like that?)

10) Understand how to select the best k for kNN (mostly DONE) 

11) Send email to Spyros regarding high scores / accuracies. 